[doc] Add tracing documentation (#1471)
interuss/dss: docs/operations/monitoring.md

```

</li></ol>

## OpenTelemetry

[OpenTelemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/) is an open-source observability framework for cloud-native software.

> You can enable it on the DSS server to get:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable it on the DSS core-service to get:
```
